So lets out the post right here so we can have some block bows to explain the board on our Web.
You can see that we have some products on the page but we also want to play some blog entries.
This is going to be a really common theme in your life.
How the this had really come on the need for the clients a lot of them to to display some blog entries
where they are talking about the products and everything.
So let's see how we can print the repro reposed in the bottom of their website right here before they
spoil yourself.
S. So let's open this and remove this killer word.
This is the sample pose that comes with wordpress.
We need to create another one.
When I click on that new and are going to use some of the images that we cover here and we're going
to use cells so they loaded up some web site to create some content so what are going on.
So for example I'm going to add Sikh's perhaps and generate the lot in Epsom.
I'm going to copy these and let's add something like space is content and I'm going to cut some of the
content right here to show these as the title then on the right we're going out on categories and here
on the DAX let's add something like skin care or something like that.
Then we're going to add a new feature rematch.
Something that we can use.
Yeah one of these may be
said the future rematch.
And we're going to publish these three.
So next we're going to create another one we need to clear at least three entries and I'm going to read
all these to create different content.
Copy everything.
Bay's right here.
And that's got the ladies copy and paste.
They are going to add something is messages in this category.
And again we're going to use Methodius and we're going I don't know very much we can use these women
for example.
And said the feature the matching what we're going to polish these
and you to have another one and let's create another.
I mean takes raciness we're going to copy everything and Basie's And then when I got the title so we
have some months back it's
this isn't the place for the content something that we can show before adding the actual content.
So when I use this much and said the feature they match and publish so if I click on post now you can
see that I have the from post.
So in the next video we're going to ride the fashion that will display these in the bottom of the website.